doc/api.rst, before:

===========
desisim API
===========

.. automodule:: desisim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.batch
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.batch.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.cosmology
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.io
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.lya_spectra
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.obs
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.pixelsplines
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.boss_qsos_figs
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.desi_qso_templ
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.fit_boss_qsos
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.qso_pca
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.run_qso_fits
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.tests
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.quickcat
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.quicksurvey
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.brightsims
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.quickgen
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa.high_level
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa.redshifts
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.specsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.targets
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.templates
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.util
    :members:

Commit message:

comment out bad module file

doc/api.rst, after:

===========
desisim API
===========

.. automodule:: desisim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.batch
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.batch.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.cosmology
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.io
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.lya_spectra
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.obs
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.pixelsplines
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.boss_qsos_figs
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.desi_qso_templ
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.fit_boss_qsos
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.qso_pca
    :members:

.. This is not even a proper module, just a script dumped here.
.. .. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.run_qso_fits
..     :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.qso_template.tests
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.quickcat
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.quicksurvey
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.brightsims
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.pixsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.scripts.quickgen
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa.high_level
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.spec_qa.redshifts
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.specsim
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.targets
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.templates
    :members:

.. automodule:: desisim.util
    :members:
